move layout mode to glossary (#38636)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/layout_mode/index.md

---
title: Layout mode
slug: Glossary/Layout_mode
page-type: glossary-definition
---

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> A **layout mode**, sometimes called _layout_, is a [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) algorithm that determines the position and size of boxes based on the way they interact with their sibling and ancestor boxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **layout mode**, sometimes called _layout_, is a [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) algorithm that determines the position and size of element boxes based on the way they interact with their sibling and ancestor boxes.
```

There are several layout modes:

> - _[Normal flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Flow_layout)_ — all elements are part of normal flow until you do something to take them out of it. Normal flow includes _block layout_, designed for laying out boxes such as paragraphs and _inline layout_, which lays out inline items such as text.

Reviewer: - Let's use bold instead of italics to emphasize the mode name
```suggestion
- **[Flow layout or normal flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Flow_layout)** — all elements are part of normal flow until you do something to take them out of it. Normal flow includes:
  - **Block layout** — designed for laying out boxes such as paragraphs.
  - **Inline layout** — designed for laying out inline items such as text.
```

> - [_Table layout_](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_table), designed for laying out tables.

Reviewer: Can we replicate this formatting to the rest of the descriptions
```suggestion
- **[Table layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_table)** — designed for laying out tables.
```

---
title: Layout mode
slug: Glossary/Layout_mode
page-type: glossary-definition
---

{{GlossarySidebar}}

A **layout mode**, sometimes called _layout_, is a [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) algorithm that determines the position and size of element boxes based on the way they interact with their sibling and ancestor boxes.

There are several layout modes:

- **[Flow layout or normal flow](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Flow_layout)** — all elements are part of normal flow until you do something to take them out of it. Normal flow includes:

>   - **Block layout** — designed for laying out boxes such as paragraphs.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **[Block layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_display/Block_and_inline_layout_in_normal_flow)** — designed for laying out boxes such as paragraphs.
```

>   - **Inline layout** — designed for laying out inline items such as text.

Author: ```suggestion
  - **[Inline layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_inline_layout)** — designed for laying out inline items such as text.
```
